Feature/doc restructure micro ros agent (#16)
microROS/micro-ROS-doc: MicroROS_Agent/README.md

﻿# Overview

> Micro-ROS Agent is a ROS2 node that wraps the [Micro XRCE-DDS Agent](https://github.com/eProsima/Micro-XRCE-DDS-Agent).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
micro-ROS Agent is a ROS2 node wrapping the [Micro XRCE-DDS Agent](https://github.com/eProsima/Micro-XRCE-DDS-Agent).
```

> This node acts as a server between DDS Network and Micro-ROS nodes inside MCU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This node acts as a server between DDS Network and micro-ROS nodes inside MCU.
```

> It receives and send messages from Micro-ROS nodes, and keep track of the Micro-ROS nodes exposing them to the ROS 2 network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It receives and sends messages from micro-ROS nodes.
It also keeps track of the Micro-ROS nodes exposing them to the ROS 2 network.
```
